Add section for Sudo auth with Touch ID (#346)
sb2nov/mac-setup: Sudo/README.md

# Sudo

> Macs with TouchID have the option to authenticate for sudo using TouchID instead of the default password authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Macs with Touch ID have the option to authenticate for sudo using Touch ID instead of the default password authentication.
```

## Customization

### Manually

This can be enabled manually by editing the relevant PAM file:

```sh
sudo vim /etc/pam.d/sudo
```

Add the following to the top of the list:

```sh
auth       sufficient     pam_tid.so
```

Press esc, then save and exit

```vim

> :wq!

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this is relevant for this section

Author: The file is read-only so just ':wq' will throw an error, included vim command to avoid confusion just in case
